Exercise 1.1: Getting Started with Python 

Learning Goals
- Summarize the uses and benefits of Python for web development
- Prepare your developer environment for programming with Python

Reflection Questions

1. In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development?
 If you were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would you be working on?

  - The main difference between frontend and backend work in my experience has been the focus of who/what will be using what you are making. 
  In frontend the user will be using what you are building dos the UI needs to be clear, easy, and enjoyable. While in backend the application 
  will interact with what you are building so that the main functions of the application work. In a situation where I was working on the back 
  end I would be focused on endpoints for the frontend to connect to and building business logic to connect with the DB of information.

2. Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. Your team is asking for your advice on whether to use JavaScript or Python for a project,
 and you think Python would be the better choice. How would you explain the similarities and differences between the two languages to your team? Drawing from 
 what you learned in this Exercise, what reasons would you give to convince your team that Python is the better option? 
(Hint: refer to the Exercise section “The Benefits of Developing with Python”)

  - Python and Javascript are similar programming languages but python excels in its readability and and volume of packages available. 
  This makes python accessible and flexible in a way that out shines Javascript. If we have a diverse team working with different backgrounds 
  this would allow for a well rounded application that most of the team would be able to access.

3. Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself and your learning during this Achievement. You can reflect 
on the following questions if it helps you. What do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement? Where or what 
do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?

  My goals include:
	- Become comfortable using REPL
	- Become more aware of difference between Javascript and python
	- Someday build a backend with Python
	I hope to gain an understanding of the language and feel comfortable adding it to my list of skills. I am curious to see 
  through use what makes python so popular.

